# Agenda(ish)

## Elm LA

- Review feedback

- Actually the one part that was awkward was when everybody arrived. It's always difficult to just say hello to strangers and just get started talking. I don't have a good idea to help this apart from maybe a few designated people introducing themselves to newcomers?
- Directed working time that looks at a particular feature/library of Elm

Activity ideas:
Superhero search UI (beginner)
Dillon's GraphQL stuff (advanced track)

Libraries:
Elm Plot
Style Animation

- When/where is our next one?
  - Wed Dec 5: our one year anniversary
  - Venue TBD: brainstorm options; 2S as backup
- Come up with tasks / etc
  - Talks? Ask on Elm LA.
  - If none, go home early.
  - Anup as backup for talk or else facilitator.
  - Zack promises he will do the next one.
- Tracks:
  - Advanced track can hang; how to encourage pairing?
    - How to facilitate more interaction?
    - Show & Tell
    - One laptop - pass around the keyboard
    - Pair programming for OSS elm projects
  - Beginners: need to determine day of if folks want to work on a project or go through tutorial

#### Action items

- ask in #meetups how others get folks to interact [Anup]
- think about venue locations [everyone]
- solicit for talks [Emma]
- setup meetup page [Zack]

**_Check in 1 week_**

## FP mini conf!

- Decide on date for event
  - Early Feb 2019 (decide on specific date soon)
- Review brainstorm doc
  - Who & how many: target 20-30; beginners & advanced tracks (workshop/talks)
  - What: See below
  - Where: brainstorm locations
- To think on:
  - Maybe charge $5 to get folks to honor their registration?
  - Content / talks / etc
- Next steps
  - Think more about above
  - Statement of porpoise
  - No crypto

### Decide on when to meet next

**_Check in 1 week_**
